Change date (#9444)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_behavior-flags-maturity-callout.md

:::caution Behavior change flags reaching maturity

> Several behavior change flags on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Latest** release track are planned to be enabled by default on 9, 2026. Refer to [Flags reaching maturity](/reference/global-configs/behavior-flag-maturity#flags-reaching-maturity) to see which flags are affected, how they may impact your project, and how to opt out before the change takes effect.

Author: ```suggestion
Several behavior change flags on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Latest** release track are planned to be enabled by default on June 29, 2026. Refer to [Flags reaching maturity](/reference/global-configs/behavior-flag-maturity#flags-reaching-maturity) to see which flags are affected, how they may impact your project, and how to opt out before the change takes effect.
```
